Change input parameter `fields` to static in Lookup Domain,Lookup Hash, Lookup IP Address and Lookup URL actions in Recorded Future plugin (#717)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: recorded_future/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.0.0 - Change input parameter `fields` to static in Lookup Domain, Lookup Hash, Lookup IP Address and Lookup URL actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.0 - Remove `fields` input in Lookup Domain, Lookup Hash, Lookup IP Address and Lookup URL actions - all fields will now be returned
```
